The little master I made, I was caught.
this is the power
She is a newborn as you can.
see that she is 50 centimeters and more
or two pounds and eight hundred the kit
it is very special because the sculpture
that she did not even carve it based
in photos of a real baby to do
her face
I'm talking I 'm going to put a little pot to
You see how you can see I have the
photo of the kit is in the middle without ana painting
head of the kit between the sides have the
little pictures of the real little baby that
find yourself empty to do
I found her work very perfect.
very similar and then their cultures
if you make a real drawing to do
right but usually is this and make several
so photos of several babies and
also a different taste but this one
it was really based not baby
I thought it was very
very real very much like a little
her for you
the movement of the head that the part that
more like the mustaches right?
and that's it folks let's go it always
I would come to you and the little things that will
With her, she 's just wearing a skirt.
take this stop her is cool this is
this diaper model he has
elastic it is not raw from here it is
Different, I think it should be cool.
very practical for a real baby as well
is that not even a pair of panties
it's not that they in a dress she has three
rooms of bracinho ce 34 c
She's going to roll, yes.
positioned in the three points of the head
here on this side here in the middle
on the other side her little body on her back
the arms and the legs are
articulables now I'll show
Little hat that company goes there.
go with this little monkey is actually
like it was a little dress
only he has and if this match fechadinho
underneath it is so much the state does not have
several layers of ruffles states and
another layer with polka dots is that it has a
very cute little bow and behind it is
so with three button lines fine
with a pair of my sim shoes
squishy knows maicon Bori sleeve
long though and rosinha goes with
two skidding sardines one is dressed
in it the pacifier bow and rose
brush comb for the hair she goes
Certificate of Authenticity with
the care manual and then photons
how's it going with all the
other little babies that do it is that
not ready yet, my father who does
This is what he 's doing now.
including the graphic part is with him and is
these people if you are interested in
adopt the patrician and you want to know
information about it is just to get into my
website at link nursery will be everything
here at the bottom of the information box
will have all the information about it and
also all the photos that will appear
at the end of the video but you can see
my website more calmly right of the post
better to enlarge the photo and you can see
More details of baby is this
Personally I hope I showed it on video
until the next